Add multi-answer text support (#3)
fractaledmind/prompts: README.md

The block will receive the value that has been entered and may return an error message, or `nil` if the validation passes.

#### Multiple answer

> If you would like recieve multiple responses from a single prompt, you can use `MultiPrompt`. The defauls sep

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like recieve multiple responses from a single prompt, you can use `MultiSelectPrompt`.
```
